yo what's going on guys my name is skill
37 and today's video got some more 23
news for you so today the PSN stores or
go to a nice little update and it comes
with a lot of nice stuff but mainly the
one thing I want to point out is the
uncharted 3 DLC besides that jak and
daxter HD collection came out today
along with kingdoms of amalur reckoning
the darkness 2 and a cup other you know
games like resident evil revelations and
shit but um yeah man I really really
really really really really really
recommend jak and daxter HD collection
one was like this fucking insanely nice
platformer game and to introduce guns
into the series it was like a fucking
open world and ship also gotham city
impostors hits PSN today I didn't play
the beta didn't you know I'm pretty much
kind of turned off by FPS is right now
so I'm about playing it but I hear a lot
of good things about it it's a nice
change of pace from call of duty and
other FPS or so if you're into that kind
of shit you know definitely hit that up
the PSP know the PS blog where I get
most of my playstation information from
it's coming or update on the regular so
we should hit that up um we see the DLC
and latest patch for uncharted 3 the
game was updated patch 1.04 yesterday
which basically preps the game for the
latest DLC to be coming out it also
fixes some hard and crushing co-op
adventure mode issues with the specific
treasures some people just couldn't get
some specific treasures so hopefully
this latest patch will help you get your
gay ass fucking skeletons you know that
much easier within the patch the metal
system that kind of messed up a naughty
thought you know address that
immediately the weapon was the kickback
medal count for a few kickbacks was
messed up and they addressed that
immediately but the patch basically got
the game ready for the upcoming DLC
which allows EOC has come out today and
a little hint on here for something so
the DLC currently is a few update to the
patch you now have access to a new co-op
adventure you play as Eddie um Flynn and
Liz are bitch
in a coop adventure that takes place in
the fourth finding out how they got that
head statue in the first place the one
basically 54 and all the other co-op
chapters you'll be getting a lot more
skins it's about fucking time because
like I said one of my earlier videos
villains got hella swag alright and
heroes got no fucking swag at all
apparently you gonna get a bunch of
doughnut model a bunch of doughnut
versions of your favorite characters and
they're gonna get a bunch of characters
that you know the people Drake was
basically killing in his adventure you
get to play his damn call you know all
the puts holes and shit so it's looking
like you know they finally gave us more
DLC for the heroes more DLC for the
villains and you know its skin wise and
a bunch of fat versions of the main
characters februari 7 fits the for co-op
adventure it's 599 alina or then the
donut skin pack or volula the fat birds
you look fit characters 199 the rogue
skin pack and two above three dollars
each and a flashback map pack number two
which is announced it comes out febuary
21st febuary 21st a flashback the
flashback a map pack number two which is
999 it's going to come with the
remaining maps of uncharted two all
remade so I need two people to do the
math here this YB tell people get the
fortunes club the last map pack was
fuckin ten dollars then the DLC prior to
that had add up to about fifteen
seventeen dollars look at all this new
dlc coming out plus another map pack
that's over thirty dollars so far the
for charters map the fortune hunters
club is only twenty-five dollars if you
buy all the dlc individually without the
fortunes club you're going to be
spending a lot of fucking money all
noise all wants is for you to give them
$25 from the get-go and you are entitled
to all upcoming DLC and all previously
released DLC if I try to do is your main
will online multiplayer game choice
don't be fucking stupid get the fortunes
club alright because this shit is
bananas like I said the seventh we're
getting you know basically today a new
co-op map a bunch of skins for villains
and heroes and in February 21st
flashback map pack
to which contains maps like the village
and shit hooray and see the system right
here it says uncharted 3 heavy metal
mode Italian with the misfits fat you
know a fiend club nope but we'll have
the details aren't exactly what this
symbol means in just a little over a
month hopefully hopefully this is like
them adding more fucking legacy like I'm
max legacy I have my coop star so and i
have my platinum i have no reason to
play uncharted 3 unless my friends you
know tell me to get a lion shit so till
there be playing final fantasy 13 dose
which is fucking amazing and another
little game i picked up today which will
between another video on but that's it
for you know today's video regarding
uncharted 3 News you know I'll leave
links to a wagon all my information from
and see you guys and you know I'm lining
on try to three crews